# swampservers/contrib

Please read the **COPYRIGHT** notice of the bottom of this page. If you contribute to this repository, then you agree to the **CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT** also at the bottom of this page.

# Overview

Contribute to Swamp Cinema here! How to:

- 'Fork' this repo. This creates a copy of it you have edit permissions of.
- Clone your forked repo into garrysmod/addons (so it creates garrysmod/addons/contrib), edit it, and push it back. You'll need the GitHub desktop or commandline client. Look up GitHub tutorials for that.
- For clientside work, check out the [devtools](https://github.com/swampservers/contrib/blob/master/lua/swamp/dev/cl_devtools.lua) which allow you to work on the actual server environment.
- Make a pull request on this repo. Use the 'compare across forks' link to request to merge your changes on your forked repo to this repo. Accepted changes are installed automatically, although new files won't run until after a server reset.
- Minor, single-file changes can just be done in the web browser by clicking the pencil icon.

All models/materials/sounds in this repository will be automatically uploaded to our workshop addons, so don't worry about that.

# Code

- Please submit code that is **clean and concise**. You may want to run it through [glualint](https://fptje.github.io/glualint-web/). Do a good job! 
- Make your code compatible with our [loading system](https://github.com/swampservers/contrib/blob/master/lua/autorun/swamp.lua).
- Try to put cinema-specific code in gamemodes/cinema/ and generic (cross-server) code in lua/. Both folders are loaded using our loading system.


# Code Style

Name stuff like this. A lot of current code doesn't conform, but this is the style:
- local my_var = 1
- local function my_func()
- tab.data_member = 1
- GlobalVariable = 1
- function GlobalFunc()
- function tab:FunctionMember() -- use this naming for callable tables as well
- panel.ChildPanel = ui.Label()
- CONSTANT_VALUE = 1

Never use capital letters when naming local vars/functions

# API

DOCSGOHERE

*Note: docs above are generated from luadoc-style code comments. README.md is autogenerated from readme_format.md*

**COPYRIGHT: This repository and most of its content is copyrighted and owned by Swamp Servers. All other content is, to the best of our knowledge, used under license. If your copyrighted work is here without permission, please contact the email shown [here](https://swampservers.net/contact). This repository DOES NOT license its contents to be used for other purposes, nor does its existence on GitHub imply such a license.**

**CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT: This repository is solely for game assets/code used by [Swamp Servers](https://swampservers.net/) to operate our online games. By submitting your work to this repository (via commits/pull requests), you agree that we have a PERMANENT, IRREVOCABLE, WORLDWIDE, TRANSFERABLE LICENSE to use, modify, and distribute all of your submitted work as we see fit. By submitting work created by a third party, you attest that the creator of that work also agrees that we have a permanent, irrevocable, worldwide, transferable license to use, modify, and distribute their submitted work as we see fit. Do not submit work from a third party without their agreement to these terms. Note that work publicly available on sites like "Steam Workshop" may already be distributed under agreements conducive to this.**

